[Music]
[Applause]
phenomenon is captivating relation with
whites
North America's news fingers is none
other than Star Wars gentle you can't
run from Star Wars frenzy the very first
time I saw the word Star Wars 2:17 tec-9
I was 11 years old it was in a magazine
and I remember seeing the words and
saying aloud star wars star wars star
wars star wars have you even seen Star
Wars she's never seen Star Wars he's
some money go see a Star Wars thought
was just an important part of everyone's
history i sat outside the theater to
watch them at midnight with my dad it
was designed to wire the imaginations of
every girl or boy who yearns for
adventure people's love for it it's just
massive
[Applause]
it's the event that has become a
cultural phenomenon yes
step on victim glasses stores a
milestone for people the force is with
us I gotta get to Star Wars you're more
than just fans your family Red five
standing by
it's something that people carry with
them now forever and ever
now with the final trailer for the
Skywalker saga release I can still be a
part of the family costume you
International Space Station watches the
last Jedi Darth Vader was Luke
Skywalker's father
it's about family and that's what's so
powerful about they're sharing something
that moves them
[Music]
you're glad that you're finishing but
savoring every moment because you know
it is the last
[Music]